[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So
the folder is called jsorg and let's open.
Let's start by opening up
the Read Me just to orient
ourselves.
>> Kyle Simpson: In this exercise, you're
going to modify an existing code to wire
up basic interactivity for a simple site.
The objective of this challenge
is to exercise your skills with
basic JavaScript, including events and
DOM interactions, as well as some
best practices for organizing code.
In fact, it's that latter
one that we more care about.
We more care about seeing in practice
how we organize JavaScript code than
necessarily exactly how we deal with
events interactions although there will
be some practice with that.
So we're gonna use jQuery as our little
library that helps us do events and
interactions more easily.
If you don't have any experience with
jQuery at all, that's totally cool cuz
I'm gonna show you the little bits and
pieces that you need to know about it.
But this is not a course on jQuery so
I'm not gonna get much into the details
of it, I'll just show you what to do.
But there's one thing here this **Note**
that I want to point out to you.
And I wish there was a way for
me to make this detail not something
that you have to worry about.
If there was any way, I as a teacher,
could just make this detail go away,
I would.
Unfortunately, we have a complicating
detail here for you to run this exercise
because we're gonna be doing AJAX
requests inside of the exercise.
If you're using Chrome or IE,
you're gonna need something more than
just running with these files themselves.
If you choose Firefox, Firefox at
the moment doesn't have a security
restriction on it and we're able to do
AJAX just from one file to another.
So it's an easier story
if you're using Firefox.
If you're using something like Chrome or
like IE, like I am,
you're gonna actually need to run a little
local web server instance in the folder.
So that you can load it up through local
host in your browser rather than through
the file system.
So if you're on a Mac,
this is actually really easy.
If you're in the directory, as I am here.
All you need to do if you're
on a recent Mac is type in
python minus -m and then SimpleHTTPServer.
And then, the last parameter is a port
number which I always like 8005 for
whatever reason.
What this is gonna do is spin up a simple
static file server in that directory so
that we can access the contents
of the directory as
if it was coming from a web server.
If you're not running on a Mac,
you can still get Python for free.
You can download from python.org,
a Python interpreter, and
it will run very similar to this.
It's a slightly different syntax but
it runs very similar to that and
you can do the same thing.
Or you could use Apache or IIS or
any one of about a dozen other
local web servers to run it.
The easiest is if you're on a Mac and
it's just built in or if you wanna go get
Python from python.org and download it
because it's just a simple one liner.
But there are other options if you
decide you wanna go that route.